that all of this all we end up on a
video of the string stands four
of them both for a watch two
super special a video for them
baltham so here is tristan even or
so has the chain of the blow she will take
a new start
So we will have videos to
Bantam experiences and games
just as usual so here we go
start by learning
your positions then me personally
I class like that so it's regular
we with tristan and regula we place
like that but we have a
little problem to not do a
problem but it's weird that he he
is wrong that I did and I am regulated
and he right-handed he is also regulated
but I think it's according to how we have
learned to skateboard here you go
and so and to make goofy so that's
in the sense with like that so there like
we look at me tristan we see two
left feet to regularize them will be at
the back and ottawa
your right foot it will be up front then
if you goofy things your foot
left will have in front your right foot
will be the back
so here we learn the basics 1 so
after to advance the already seen the morning
here to advance already there are several
Walloon ways that we put our foot in
before good like that up front with our
country at the back recalled funeral
it takes good and flex on people who
grow well before
personally I would see this not
so that gives that and only two
writings - that's it for turning one goes
always be well flex on his legs
and it's not our body that will go to
side another is our feet
for example there to turn left on
press if you are regular you press
on the chest so the time you
push to turn or we learned
on the heel turn right
this is how it is so you do not have to
neither is it too hard the emmental
it must be because it happened
to make figures made to roll
to make descents we will be able to
in December to roll it is a little
like a longboard but a little so I
so you personally advise so
me it's benjamin and behind the camera
and restaurants remain present and 1
so me it's benjamin you do not have
never seen our heads and tristan bah lo
so normally I'm not wearing my hair
like that but that's so tristan she
is a bit stiff I find but she
still runs well so pretty much
lives it's a little bit more
down that screw finally for me
personally it's a little lower
that the screw must move a little
still when we could follow so
for the wheels also they are more
soft that skates English
pretty much finished so for them
for the tutorial number so in fact it will do
the first it will be the beginnings so
how to move forward and every second
second is a little as soon as you have
not too technical but a little bit
legs defend my third so the
second it will be a little tricks
business are small rice here and
the third would be a little low
will all the other stuff be there again
obliged to see the bomb update you are
will say the next for a new
video gets paid what support is coming soon